alx-listing-app/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

chore: update dependencies and add initial component files
- Updated dependencies in package.json for next, postcss, and tailwindcss.
- Added new component files: Button.tsx, Card.tsx, and constants/interfaces files.
- Created globals.css to include Tailwind CSS styles.
- Added tailwind.config.js for Tailwind CSS configuration.
- Initialized package-lock.json for dependency management.

alx-listing-app/README.md, after:

# 🏠 ALX Listing App

A responsive Airbnb-style listing page built with **Next.js**, **TypeScript**, **Tailwind CSS**, and **ESLint**. This project lays the foundation for creating a scalable, component-based architecture focused on reusability, clean code, and maintainability.

---

## 🎯 Project Objective

The goal of the **ALX Listing App** is to scaffold a modern web application with essential tooling and structure to support the development of an Airbnb clone. This includes:

- Setting up the Next.js environment
- Integrating TypeScript, ESLint, and Tailwind CSS
- Creating reusable components
- Organizing assets and constants
- Establishing a well-structured and maintainable codebase

---

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- **Next.js (Pages Router)** – React framework for server-side rendering and routing
- **TypeScript** – Adds static typing for better maintainability
- **Tailwind CSS** – Utility-first CSS framework for styling
- **ESLint** – Linting tool for clean, consistent code

---

## 🏗️ Project Structure

The key directories and files in this project include:
